CRO updates (#3718)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/sharing-custom-oauth-claims-with-a-asp-netcore-app.mdx

---
publish_date: 2020-05-27 
title: ASP.NET Core Example with  Custom Claims

> seoTitle: "ASP.NET Core Example: Display Custom Claims from a JWT"

Reviewer: You want `htmlTitle` not `seoTitle`.

> seoTitle: "ASP.NET Core Example: Display Custom Claims from a JWT"

Author: ```suggestion
htmlTitle: "ASP.NET Core Example: Display Custom Claims from a JWT"
```

> description: See a working ASP.NET Core example that adds custom JWT claims using FusionAuth. Extend ASP.NET Identity with role-based or app-specific data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: See a working ASP.NET Core example that adds custom JWT claims using FusionAuth. Allow your ASP.NET users' identity to be extended with role-based or app-specific data.
```

Reviewer: asp.net Identity is a specific thing: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/identity?view=aspnetcore-9.0&tabs=visual-studio
